over the last few years I've helped
dozens of B2B SAS companies grow
Pipeline and scale their Mr and I can
tell you with certainty the software
companies that succeed know the exact
marketing strategies to attract qualify
and convert their dream clients in this
video I'm going to break down all the
marketing strategies your SAS needs to
drive a healthy flow of Pipeline and
revenue let's dive in before we dive
into the strategies themselves let's
talk about three common levers for SAS
growth we've got product leg growth
marketing leg growth and sales growth
product Le growth is where you use the
product itself to attract convert and
drive revenue from customers so think of
tools like calendly the calender
scheduling software where the tool
pretty much runs itself in the sense
that it's got a free trial which can
then move you on to a paid customer you
can get multiple seats right from small
businesses through to Enterprise and
pretty much everything runs through the
product itself then you've got marketing
leg growth and sales leg growth are
usually but not always for higher ticket
software offers marketing Le growth is
where you use channels like ads or
organic search SEO to drive customers
inbound towards you or using tools like
demand generation or you've got sales Le
growth where quite often software
companies will have an outbound sales
teams maybe a team of sdrs doing
outbound sales calls cold email LinkedIn
DMS and similar to acquire meetings to
grow customers that way and again
marketing leg growth sales leg growth
often tends to be towards higher ticket
software offers product leg growth often
starts with a lower ticket offering and
then lands and expands all growing
through the product itself right let's
dive into the strategies so first up one
of the most important parts of your SAS
marketing strategy your foundation is
your website and your website can
literally be your best or your worst
salesperson depending on how you treat
it it's live 24/7 so it's either working
around the clock to grow your SAS or to
do the exact opposite so we want to make
sure it's consistently converting these
hard-earned prospects all this traffic
you're channeling from various marketing
streams into a steady flow of signups
leads demos or booked calls so one of
the things that's often neglected in SAS
websites is customer research so so many
SAS marketers Founders and similar build
their website on guesswork therefore
their key pages and their messaging does
not resonate with dream clients and
fails to build trust or convert them we
want to make sure our SAS website
attracts builds trust with qualifies and
converts s all these SAS prospects into
a steady flow of leads or revenue for
our team so customer research if you can
get a list of recent one clients as well
as churn clients and existing customers
and really take the time to run those
interviews and understand what problems
they were struggling with what were the
impact of those issues what were their
jobs to be done why did they choose to
work with you opposed to others maybe
what was some of their withdrawals or
concerns that they initially thought
about working with you and then why did
they choose to take the leap and choose
you what's the jargon the internal
language that they use to describe your
offer what were those results that you
brought to the table and maybe even what
were the other competitors they were
comparing you against once you've got
these insights you can look for patterns
what are the things that prospects that
customers are consistently saying to
each of these questions and how can we
leverage these into our messaging into
our homepage headlines into product
messaging into results case studies
testimonials and more to make sure that
the copy we use on our website shows
that we understand our customers world
we understand their pain points their
goals their job to be done so it's
really going to resonate and attract and
show that we understand what they care
about and then talking about some of the
key pages so usually in SAS websites you
got Pages like homepage various product
pages maybe Industries you serve results
Pages pricing book a demo take a sign up
take a free trial maybe a Blog section a
resource section and similar those are
some of the common suspects in the
homepage one of the best tests I like to
run is something called the grunt test
so you want to make sure if a prospect
is coming to your website could they
within a few seconds quickly grunt let's
pretend they're a caveman sitting in a
cave freezing cold seeing your website
for the very first time CU they quickly
grunt exactly what you do how it helps
them why they so choose you and how to
learn more book that demo take a free TR
whatever that next step is if they
couldn't do that within 3 to 4 seconds
of landing on your website it's not hit
the mark and you're probably
hemorrhaging all that traffic from ads
cold Outreach organic search or wherever
it's coming from it's really crucial
your website passes the grunt test above
the fold so that could be a clear
precise headline sharing what you do why
you problem you solve and outcome of
your product something that's nice and
crisp and then as we go below that fold
we want to make sure we're clearly
showing our product and action so people
can quickly see under the Bonnet of our
offer we want to see some social proof
we want to talk about the three or four
main pain points below the fold of
exactly those juicy problems that
Prospect come to us to fix and then as
we go further down we want to say this
is how our product specifically solves
those issues and then some more social
proof some maybe customer review videos
and on before the footer then we want to
have pages to show our product show in
action show how it soles specific pain
points and core features that people
care about we want to make sure we talk
about the Industries or personas we
serve want to have clear and transparent
pricing page to show the three or four
main tiers of price and then back it up
with social proof so have customer
stories talking about why folks chose us
and maybe even FAQ sections on these
main Pages addressing those common
concerns that folks have about choosing
us and take those from sales calls so
listen to sales calls customer success
calls understand main concerns and
objections and battle those headon with
FAQ sections on relevant Pages results
page really important so you can walk
through customer stories and talk about
those things from customer research main
problems main issues their withdrawals
about working with us why they chose us
results we brought to the table why
they'd recommend and so on and then we
want to make sure that we've got a clear
book a demo take a sign up whatever that
next step is and usually that's a
calendar scheduling form or it's an easy
route to to book that sign up and again
clear menu navigation so no matter where
you scroll menu nav is fixed the top of
the page and it's super easy for folks
to go to those core Pages or book that
demo and making sure the website works
seamlessly across mobile tablet and PC
the design is easy to navigate a solid
ux and UI so there's no Crazy Wheels of
text articles everything's nicely
navigated it's easy to skim and it's
easy to find that key info navigate get
the results check the pricing and then
book a demo take a sign up book a cool
whatever that CTA you want to run is na
that for your B2B SAS website and you'll
be ahead of most in the game next up
we've got communities so this is where
you connect with your ICP with your
ideal client profile and you get direct
feedback insights and it's a great way
to keep your brand top of mind and
really understand what your dream
clients care about are talking about
their thoughts on different things and
more it could be in the form of private
dinners it could be iners events it
could be virtual events like weekly or
bi-weekly or monthly webinars it could
be a podcast could be a newsletter it
could be a private slack Channel or
Discord channel it's essentially
inviting your potential clients to some
form of community not to directly sell
them to allow them to network with each
other to allow them to share ideas share
what's working for them what's not where
you give back so you perhaps look to
educate entertain them or similar or
invite them to various openings Etc
that's going on why would you do it well
feedback directly from your Market is
invaluable if you can understand your
dream clients problems pain points their
jobs to be done what they're struggling
with where they'd like to get to their
goals for the next quarter and more
super super useful folks pay customer
research firms big big cash to do this
and you can get this directly from your
community not only that if it's run by
your brand it's going to keep your brand
top of mind so when these prospects
potentially need your offer you'll be
one of the first choices in mind and it
can build trust so for example if you're
doing things like a weekly live webinar
or weekly podcast or you're putting out
a regular newsletter or you're doing
inperson events it can build trust
because you can invite thought leaders
in your industry or folks that are well
known that are respected to talk to
share ideas and more it's going to
really build confidence and Trust in
your brand and drive more of your
potential clients your way thus earning
more trust in the market and long-term
building up relationships and driving
Pipeline and revenue for your company
and next up we've got SEO search engine
optimization the process of getting your
website to page one position one in
Google's organic search results the
non-paid non-sponsored listings and with
the introduction of AI also getting your
website well positioned well visible and
driving traffic through AI searches like
Google AI overviews chat GPT and other
AI tools why should you do it well the
chances are a ton of your dream clients
are using Google when they need your
author when they're searching directly
for your solution and ready to have a
sales call or book a demo or take a
trial maybe they're comparing
alternative Solutions maybe they're
looking for problems that you solve or
looking to get jobs done if your website
can show up consistently and the top
organic searches and you can drive a
steady flow of qualified traffic and if
your website can convert you can drive
those juicy signups leads or demos how
the heck do you do SEO well in simplest
terms it's understanding what do your
dream clients search for when they need
your offer whe they're comparing other
Solutions or they have problems that you
solve specifically and then looking to
build best-in-class content for each and
every keyword or topic so reviewing
what's ranking well for each page topic
and such and looking to completely blow
that out the water
making your page more helpful backing it
by customer research positioning your
product your SAS solution as the
painkiller as the offer layering in
things like trust signals so if it's an
article showing the author showing
social proof so testimonials customer
quotes results videos and more regularly
featuring your product throughout
whether that's gifts whether that's
screenshots whether that's live video
demos really showing the aha moment when
your product kicks into play that
customers care about and really showing
them why you're position to solve their
issues or help them get jobs done in
that content thinking about technical
SEO so making sure if you're going for a
Target keyword I.E if you wanted to rank
for a keyword like calendar scheduling
software the URL would be something like
yourdomain.com
calendar scheduling software making sure
it's in the meta title and description
making sure it's in the H1 of the
website page then weaving in nicely in
the content and also thinking about
internal links where you can link to
relevant articles and also other
articles and Link back to that core page
making sure you've got technical SEO
like we just just mentioned in order so
fast load speed your website works
smoothly on mobile tablet and PC and
they're looking to exhaust all those
Money commercial keywords that those
High intent prospects ready to have a
sales combo now what would they search
how can we make sure we've got the
best-in-class content that's really
going to rank resonate and convert them
and also looking to earn high quality
Niche relevant back links could be
through channels like Partnerships with
similar companies that go after your
same ICP but aren't direct competitors
could be through guesting on podcasts
Learning Links that way it could be
through various other networks so it
could be through leveraging your execs
or Founders on your teams understanding
perhaps they've appeared in past
articles perhaps they've had PR on other
sites so using a tool like semrush or H
rush to see where they've had their PR
looking for those previous links back
you can copy and paste their Founders
LinkedIn profile into a tool like semr
or HRS you can see all those past PR
releases articles or similar and ask
those news outlets to actually change
that backlink instead of having their
LinkedIn profile you can ask to link
back to one of your focus keywords and
focus Pages really quick win to earn
back links the whole point of backlinks
is to boost the authority of your
website and it makes it a lot easier to
rank for those competitive commercial
money keywords that are likely to drive
sales calls leads signups or demos good
thing about SEO is it's Evergreen just
like when you search on YouTube for
videos that you might see videos that
are weeks months or years old exactly
the same in SEO your pages can can rank
as quick as weeks as quick as months and
they can show up for years to come
driving organic traffic qualified leads
for the years to come in the future plus
it reduces your Reliance on paid ads so
it means you can cut down spend on
channels like Google ads over time and
many folks now Place more trust in the
organic search results so quite a lot of
folks will skip the sponsored ads and go
straight to the organic listings as they
know that you've earned that top spot
organic search is a huge play for some
of the the biggest B2B SAS companies
around it's one of the main growth
levers we use at breaking B2B to drive
inbound leads pipeline signups and
revenue for our B2B SAS clients I
recently did a B2B SEO guide for ranking
number one on Google which you may want
to check out next up we've got cold
Outreach so reaching out to potential
prospects that could be clients instead
of waiting for them to come inbound so
there's a bunch of ways you could do it
it could be cold Cooling it could be
cold email it could be LinkedIn DMS
could be something else usually cold
Outreach is done by SAS Solutions with
higher ticket offerings due to the time
and labor of cold Outreach I.E hiring
sdrs or hiring Outsource teams or
similar so a few examples if you're cold
calling or cold emailing you'll
typically make a list of maybe a few
thousand dream client prospects that are
in the industries you want to Target
maybe they've recently had funding maybe
they've recently hiring maybe you're
targeting specific decision makers like
their marketing leader or the sales
leader or the revenue leaders or
whatever your ICP is and then for
example on cold cool you might open with
a problem Centric message so if I'm ever
cold calling I'll say something like hey
Janice hey Steve I know I'm an
interruption can I grab 30 seconds to
share why I'm calling or would you like
to slam the phone down right now so a
bit of a pattern interrupt that shakes
them out makes them think what the heck
is this person saying and usually they
will not always but usually they'll give
you the time of day you can run through
a 30 second Pitch and talk about those
three main problems that folks come to
you to solve so in our case if we're
pitching B2B SAS SEO it could be
something like often when I talk to
marketing or demand gen leaders at B2B
SAS companies they tell me that they're
tired of seeing competitors ahead of
them in organic search results stealing
traffic mind share and inbound leads or
maybe they're dabbling at SEO and maybe
doing some ads them but I feels like the
website is failing to convert that into
a steady flow of signups leads or booked
calls or traps you're doing a little bit
in house or maybe you've got an agency
but they're not really driving that
pipeline those qualified leads or
Revenue that you were promised on day
one any of those issues sound relevant
or not at all so it's opening the door
for a conversation rather than a hard
pitch by Leading with those common
problems that folks bring to you or
likewise similar on cold email build out
that list start with a a very light
opening email usually I'm I'm building
out with an offer so it could be like
hey first name a bunch of marketing
leaders you could go with whatever
industry you serve or whatever person
you serve I'd say something like hey
Janice hey Steve marketing leaders are
telling me that pipeline is on the down
low or pipeline is dropping crafted you
a loom video with some unusual ideas to
scale Pipeline and revenue through
organic search are you against taking a
peak something super short and snappy to
the point and offering them a free
analysis or free video review or
something like that and then usually
I'll put a PS like PS we recently helped
click house scale their organic demos by
37% in the last year and then end it Sam
Dunning founder at breaking B2B so
something painfully short and I might do
a three or so email sequence so that's
the first email no Links at all and then
the second email I might link them to a
relevant video or relevant free guide
and the third email I'll just say
something like social proof like
recently got this client X results this
is the last email from me would you like
me to send over that free video analysis
no hard feelings if not quite a quick
Snappy not too annoying at all Cod email
sequence feel free to grab that and try
it for your yourself or go with the cold
cooling framework next up we've got
Google ads so just like a solid SEO
program you're looking to Target those
prospects that are in Market directly
looking for your offer now comparing you
to Alternative Solutions or looking for
juicy Cris specific problems you solve
or jobs you help get done and then the
whole premise is that you'll show up top
in the sponsored ads section why would
you do it well it tends to be a quicker
way to get in front of those prospects
needing your offer right now you're
paying for each and every click to drive
that traffic through to your website and
get that potential lead sign up or
booked call from your website or landing
pages the Crux of it is taking the time
to do that customer research do that
keyword research and understand what
those dream clients just like an SEO
organic search program what are they
searching for when they need the offer
now when they're comparing Solutions
when they have problems you solve and so
on and then looking to craft ads that
not only show up also Drive The Click
through so making sure you've got a
clear hook in your title in your body
copy and similar that's actually going
to say y we understand your problem or
yeah we understand you're looking for
here's how we're different and encourage
the click through it's usually a much
quicker way to get traffic and get
click-throughs to your website so it's
something you can often build out to get
a quick hit whilst you're working on
your organic search program in the
background so Google ads super common
way for B2B SAS companies to start
driving relevant traffic click throughs
demos and signups for their SAS company
NeXT up we've got organic product
virality this is where you expose your
product to potential new customers with
no marketing spend so think about tools
like calendary the calendar scheduling
software each and every time someone
shares their booking link with someone
else they'll see the scheduling calendar
to pick a convenient time but they'll
also see something like powered by cly
and an option to give it a go or sign up
free or grab a free trial themselves why
does it work well it's free marketing it
doesn't cost them a DME to do that as
it's all within that product it's other
people that are sharing it it's not
salesy or pushy it's literally the
product showing that our hard moment
straight away and then saying look you
could grab this yourself you can grab a
free sign up or a free trial plus it's
social proof it's showing that other
people folks that you probably trust or
you know or you like have the tool it's
almost giving you fear of missing out
you're seeing that brand and thinking
actually this is quite a cool product
think I might as well grab a free sign
up so if there are ways that you can
naturally expose your product to more
prospects each and every time your
existing customers are able to share it
whatever touch point that looks like you
can start getting those organic viral
Loops yourself to acquire new users for
your product without extra costs next up
we've got LinkedIn organic content and
building a Founder brand what is it well
it's yourself as the founder or working
building that engine for your founder if
you're perhaps one of the marketing team
to build up an audience on LinkedIn the
biggest B2B networking platform why
would you do it well to build an
audience of dream clients of ICP to
build trust to build Partnerships to
drive potential new inbound leads
signups or Demos in clients and many
many more benefits to B2B networking and
becoming a trusted voice in your niche
in your sector in the space that you run
how do you build a LinkedIn founder
brand well there's a few key elements if
you're just starting out you want want
to think first and foremost when you set
up your LinkedIn profile building out
your profile to be a landing page
effectively so having a nice
professional head shot having a headline
that clearly summarizes what you do so
for example mine is Sam Dunning then
founder at breaking B2B and a quick
tagline so in our case it's B2B SEO and
websites for Revenue not vanity and then
I also say founder host of the top 2.5%
B2B marketing podcast breaking B2B so
something like that a quick snapshot and
then usually treating that profile as a
landing page so in the about section
talking about the problems you solve
talking about why folks trust you maybe
a couple testimonials and a clear call
to action and then a summary of your
work profile and aside from that one of
the main things is engaging in the feeds
so each and every week LinkedIn actually
allows you to connect with Target
prospects so if you sign up to a tool
like sales Navigator you can quite
literally search for your dream clients
so in our case it would be marketing or
demand generation leaders but yours
might be other Industries and you can
connect with those folks each and every
week and then to start building
authority in your space to start
becoming a trusted leader for the offer
you provide for the problem you solve
for the value you bring you want to
start posting so it could be three times
five times or more I tend to post once
or twice a day and sharing anything from
educational content how-tos tips tricks
interviews Snippets perhaps if you're on
a podcast you grab video clips maybe
it's rundowns maybe it's tear Downs
maybe it's breakdowns the whole premise
Is So eventually folks will start
thinking of you so you'll be top of Mind
as and when they have the problem you
solve or when they directly need your
offer this is something I do as the
founder of breaking B2B so each and
every day I'm sharing tips ideas
insights howto unusual ideas around B2B
and SAS SEO so folks can get free tips
free ideas they can steal it themselves
sure some some of the audience will grab
it and do themsel but a lot of them will
think it's probably something that's
going to take a lot of time if I try and
do it internally so I might as well hire
breaking B2B to do it for me and that's
exactly what you want to do you want to
connect with the right prospects you
want have a profile that access that
landing page or lead magnet you want to
start connecting with those prospects
daily engaging with those folks in the
feeds of putting thoughtful insightful
comments on other people's posts and
then creating your own posts to start
building trust in your sector share your
expertise look to educate you look to
entertain your ICP and over time you can
start building Partnerships you can
start acquiring inbound leads driving
more prospects to your website really
powerful way this drives a bunch of book
calls in each and every month for us
breaking B2B next up we've got LinkedIn
ads so why run LinkedIn ads well some of
the most detailed targeting in B2B
allowing you to control who's going to
see your content you've got the option
to serve up sponsored content directly
from your company page or you can run
thought leader ads where it serves ads
sponsored content from personal profiles
so whether that's your founder yourself
or somebody else gives you some of the
most detailed targeting with things like
company or company size job title sector
industry and much much more it's a great
way to do a few things you can run
things like brand awareness campaigns
direct conversion campaigns View and
consumption campaigns or much more so
you can go for driving direct leads and
pipeline or you can go more for building
brand visibility you can look to
retarget traffic from your website to
keep top of mind or you can build out
lists within sales Navigator and Target
your ideal client profiles directly to
start building trust with them whether
that is serving them content from the
company page or whether it is featuring
posts from folks on your own team
whether they are informational posts
educational posts howtos or maybe social
proof ones like case studies customer
viws and more so you can really drill
down and Target who you want to serve up
and distribute this content to keep your
brand company top of mind and start
driving more inbounds and also
leveraging perhaps the content that's
perform well organic to start serving
that up through paid distribution and
last but definitely not least we've got
Partnerships and referrals so getting
existing happy customers or partner
companies to introduce folks who could
be a great fit for your solution and
systemizing it so making a repeatable
process to get those intros from
existing clients partner companies why
bother well it's basically free
acquisition it's basically free
customers it's not costing you marketing
dollars to do so plus these intros these
leads close way quicker word of mouth is
one of the strongest marketing channels
they already trust the partner company
or they trust the existing customer cuz
they know them so if they're introducing
you they have that trust they'll close
into Revenue way faster how can you do
it well simply reaching out to those
existing customers as soon as they
experience a win from your product or
offer maybe you give them an incentive
so maybe you give them a small discount
for a certain amount of months or
something like that maybe you send them
a gift in the mail initially to spark
off off the idea or some kind of small
incentive to make it worth their time if
you're going down the Partnerships route
maybe you give them a small Kickback
like a percentage Kickback for each
customer they intro they get x% of Mr or
maybe you agree to send business each
other's way so if you service similar
niches similar icps you send leads their
way they send leads your way it's a
great way to keep business flowing at no
extra cost and you can always add those
Partners to perhaps a monthly newsletter
or similar SE your offer your ferral
your partnership play stays top of mind
and there you have it those are some of
the most effective marketing strategies
we're seeing for SAS growth right now as
you can probably tell implementing these
yourself is going to take a lot of time
effort resources and energy so if you
want to take that stress away why not
head over to Breaking
bb.com we'll be happy to have a chat
with you understand where your SAS
compan is Right Now understand where
you'd like to get to and to see if we're
a good fit to start driving Pipeline and
scaling your Mr so visit breaking bb.com
or hit the link in the description below
and we'll be happy to set up a cool or
if you're not ready yet why not check
out the top 2.5% weekly B2B marketing
podcast breaking B2B or try the breaking
B2B newsletter and with that I'll catch
you on the next one cheers